Adds design template (#5155)
cert-manager/cert-manager: design/template.md

Include as much detail as possible so that people can understand the "how" of
the system. The goal here is to make this feel real for users without getting
bogged down.
-->

#### Story 1

#### Story 2

### Notes/Constraints/Caveats (Optional)

<!--
What are the caveats to the proposal?
What are some important details that didn't come across above?
Go in to as much detail as necessary here.
This might be a good place to talk about core concepts and how they relate.
-->

### Risks and Mitigations

<!--
What are the risks of this proposal, and how do we mitigate? Think broadly.
For example, consider both security and how this will impact the larger
Kubernetes ecosystem.

-->

## Design Details

<!--
This section should contain enough information that the specifics of your
change are understandable. This may include API specs (though not always
required) or even code snippets. If there's any ambiguity about HOW your
proposal will be implemented, this is the place to discuss them.
-->

### Test Plan

<!---
Describe how the new functionality will be tested (unit tests, implementation tests, e2e tests)
-->

> ### Graduation Criteria

Author: I have tried to keep this relatively non-specific as I think we can agree on more strict graduation criteria later if needed- perhaps this needs to made even less specific

Example graduation criteria:

Alpha:

- Feature implemented behind a feature flag
- It is clearly defined which Kubernetes versions this feature supports
- e2e tests pass on supported Kubernetes versions

Beta:

- Gather user feedback

GA:

- N examples of real-world usage
- N installs
- Allowing time for feedback
- Works on all versions of Kubernetes supported by the version of cert-manager at which this feature becomes GA

-->

### Upgrade / Downgrade Strategy

<!--
Will this feature affect upgrade/downgrade of cert-manager?
-->

###### How can this feature be enabled / disabled for an existing cert-manager installation?

<!--

Consider whether any additional steps will need to be taken to start/stop using this feature.

Can it be disabled after having been enabled?

Do the test cases cover both the feature being enabled and it being disabled (where relevant)?

-->

###### Does this feature depend on any specific services running in the cluster?

<!--
For example, are external dependencies such as ingress controllers, third party CRDs etc required for this feature to function?
-->

> ###### Will enabling / using this feature result in any new API calls (to Kubernetes or external services)?

Author: This will be good to consider as it will include extra calls to external services like LetsEncrypt

###### Will enabling / using this feature result in introducing new API types?

> ###### Will enabling / using this feature result in increasing size or count of the existing API objects?

Author: i.e whether more CertificateRequests will be created

Reviewer: This might be worth adding in a comment just to make it clearer which API objects we're talking about!

Author: It could be core types as well, i.e more or larger `Secret`s
But good point, will add a comment

> This template is adapted from Kubernetes Enchancements KEP template https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubernetes/enhancements/a86942e8ba802d0035ec7d4a9c992f03bca7dce9/keps/NNNN-kep-template/README.md

Reviewer: suggestion: By having this be actual text I think there's a decent chance that people won't remove it and it'll get in the way of the actual design doc.

I think it's nice to have this link but it could be a comment; failing that maybe we could move it right to the bottom of the template?

```suggestion
<!--
This template is adapted from Kubernetes Enchancements KEP template https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubernetes/enhancements/a86942e8ba802d0035ec7d4a9c992f03bca7dce9/keps/NNNN-kep-template/README.md
-->
```

Author: Comment make sense yeah 👍🏼

> # Title

Reviewer: suggestion: I think this is the only title we'd _always_ want people to change; maybe we can make it clearer that the user should change it?

```suggestion
# CHANGEME: Title
```

<!-- toc -->
- [Release Signoff Checklist](#release-signoff-checklist)
- [Summary](#summary)
- [Motivation](#motivation)
  - [Goals](#goals)
  - [Non-Goals](#non-goals)
- [Proposal](#proposal)
  - [User Stories (Optional)](#user-stories-optional)
    - [Story 1](#story-1)
    - [Story 2](#story-2)
  - [Notes/Constraints/Caveats (Optional)](#notesconstraintscaveats-optional)
  - [Risks and Mitigations](#risks-and-mitigations)
- [Design Details](#design-details)
  - [Test Plan](#test-plan)
  - [Graduation Criteria](#graduation-criteria)
  - [Upgrade / Downgrade Strategy](#upgrade--downgrade-strategy)
  - [Supported Versions](#supported-versions)
- [Production Readiness](#production-readiness)
- [Drawbacks](#drawbacks)
- [Alternatives](#alternatives)
<!-- /toc -->

## Release Signoff Checklist

> These checklist contains actions that must be completed before the PR with the feature described in this design can be merged.

Reviewer: suggestion: typo at beginning, change wording slightly

```suggestion
This checklist contains actions which must be completed before a PR implementing this design can be merged.
```

- [ ] This design doc has been discussed and approved
- [ ] Test plan has been agreed upon and the tests implemented 
- [ ] Feature gate status has been agreed upon (whether the new functionality will be placed behind a feature gate or not)
- [ ] Graduation criteria is in place if required (if the new functionality is placed behind a feature gate, how will it graduate between stages)
- [ ] User-facing documentation has been PR-ed against the release branch in [cert-manager/website]

## Summary

<!--
This section is important for producing high-quality, user-focused
documentation such as release notes.

> A good summary is probably at least a paragraph in length.

Reviewer: suggestion (non-blocking): I think I'd probably want a summary to usually be _around_ a paragraph in length, or even _exactly_ one paragraph in most cases! I don't think that's important though - I think people will naturally tend towards shorter summaries.

<!--
List specific goals. What is this proposal trying to achieve? How will we
know that this has succeeded?
-->

### Non-Goals

<!--
What is out of scope for this proposal? Listing non-goals helps to focus discussion
and make progress.
-->

## Proposal

<!--
This is where we get down to the specifics of what the proposal actually is.
What is the desired outcome and how do we measure success?
This should have enough detail that reviewers can understand exactly what
you're proposing, but should not include things like API designs or
implementation- those should go into "Design Details" below.
-->

### User Stories (Optional)

<!--
Detail the things that people will be able to do if this proposal gets implemented.
Include as much detail as possible so that people can understand the "how" of
the system. The goal here is to make this feel real for users without getting
bogged down.
-->

#### Story 1

#### Story 2

### Notes/Constraints/Caveats (Optional)

<!--
What are the caveats to the proposal?
What are some important details that didn't come across above?
Go into as much detail as necessary here.
This might be a good place to talk about core concepts and how they relate.

> -->

Reviewer: suggestion (non-blocking): I think this section could maybe be moved down to the bottom since it's optional?

Author: I'd rather keep this here as I think when reading from top to bottom it makes sense to have these additional details before the more implementation specific stuff (tests, API changes) - to give the reader the ability to get the high level overview of the proposal

Author: I do imagine that it would be unused in most cases though

- It is clearly defined which Kubernetes versions this feature supports
- CI tests pass for all supported Kubernetes versions

Beta:

- Gather user feedback

GA:

- N examples of real-world usage
- N installs
- Allowing time for feedback
- Works on all versions of Kubernetes supported by the version of cert-manager at which this feature becomes GA

References in Kubernetes documentation:

[feature gate]: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/feature-gates.md
[maturity-levels]: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api_changes.md#alpha-beta-and-stable-versions
-->

### Upgrade / Downgrade Strategy

<!--
Will this feature affect upgrade/downgrade of cert-manager?
-->

### Supported Versions

<!--
What versions of Kubernetes (and other external services if applicable) will this feature support?
-->

## Production Readiness
<!--
This section should confirm that the feature can be safely operated in production environment and can be disabled or rolled back in case it is found to increase failures.
-->

###### How can this feature be enabled / disabled for an existing cert-manager installation?

> 

Reviewer: suggestion (non-blocking): we jump from `##` to `######` here; why not `###`? 

(I don't feel strongly on this but I usually try to only go down one level)
